# VR-Game
This is a virtual reality game designed for Oculus Quest 2. It's built in Unity using the Unity XR package for VR support. The project is still in early development, so there are many aspects of it that have not been decided on yet. The basic premise, for this version of the game is that that main character will be playing as a wizard who has the ability to cast spells simply by drawing runes onto surfaces.

# File Structure
Almost all of the stuff that I have created is the Assets folder. The vast majority of my work is inside of the scripts folder, which contains all of the programming that I have done to make the other stuff possible. The objects folder contains the 3d models that I have used, many of which I created myself. The materials folder holds the textures that I use. The scenes folder hold the different levels that exist in the game, which I arranged to test and showcase my code.

# Background
When I was very young, my dad had a PlayStation 3 connected with the PlayStation Move. I thought that playing video games by actually moving your limbs was the coolest thing ever, so I started divising a game that I could make. As I aged and started to see my life moving in other directions, I mostly gave up on that dream. Fast forward to Sophmore year of college. I have decided to switch to Computer Science as a major, and have started to learn C++ in class. I got an internship that summer with a company called Innovative Systems LLC and they taught me good coding style as well as introducing me to C#. From there, I decided to buy an occulus quest, then I learned that Unity is done primarily in C# and that it can interface with the Quest. From that point, I started this passion project, and will plan on continuing to slowly contribute to it as I make my way the rest of the way through college.
